hey guys what's going on gingy tech here
and today I want to talk about something
that a lot of people have already kind
of heard and that is Nintendo making
apps to the iOS and Android market but I
know weird let's get into it so lately
people have been saying that there's an
app for that
however with Mario that's not
necessarily true on the verge comm they
mentioned that Nintendo is actually
looking into making apps as well as
other websites as well now I know there
has been Enya laters going around every
single smartphone there is and you can
go into the app and actually play Mario
games via an emulator however these Enya
laters don't really optimize the full
amount of RAM that you have on a cell
phone and it is a little glitchy and the
controls at the bottom of the screen if
you look really closely to where the
thumbs are it's a little sketchy because
I mean you had to kind of have buttons
on the screen and it's just not
optimized for the phone itself and
that's because it wasn't made by the
company that made the game itself it was
made by a person that just wanted to
play the game and so they made an
emulator for it so what you're seeing
right here is just a rom being played on
an emulator however in the future
Nintendo's planning on trying to make a
game similar to this but they wanted to
make it optimized for the company and
the phone itself so what exactly does
this mean well if Nintendo made the app
specifically for a Nokia or an iPhone 5s
it would be able to optimize the full
amount of RAM that the iPhone has to
offer as well as optimizing the a7
processor in the iPhone now there are
rumors going around that Nintendo is
actually planning to make a phone by the
Nintendo company itself and put Android
on it but that is a whole nother video
that gingy tech is going to do in the
future
so stay tuned to see a Nintendo
smartphone concept video however for the
sake of this video we want to talk about
pokemon and mario all optimized on the
iPhone itself or any other Android phone
or Windows Phone as well now I know you
can go and just jailbreak your iPhone
and go through all the hassle and
problems that you have to do with a
jailbreak to get this running on an
iPhone but there are so many things you
have to go through to get your iPhone
jailbroken or even just getting an app
on your phone and going through the
whole
process and downloading I mean let's
just kind of take a quick fast-forward
look at all the things you could have to
go through connecting to your computer
dragging and dropping all the problems
that you may run into whereas with a
nintendo kind of made it forward the
phone itself you just be able to tap on
the app and there you go so they're
going through the whole jibber jabber
process and making a really difficult
thing
so Nintendo's going to make a little bit
easier for you but I want to talk about
why I believe Nintendo's making the
smart move here because we've all seen
flappy bird go viral right or even bike
race where you can send a race to your
friend or just kind of get on flappy
bird and play it for a couple of minutes
well I want to talk about why I believe
Nintendo is going to be the next big
thing or the next flappy bird game and
that is because this right here like
Mario Kart or Smash Bros or Mario Party
if Nintendo optimizes it to where there
is zero lag on the smartphone well
that's gonna make for some smooth and
really really familiar gameplay for all
of us it's good to be our childhood
redefined in our smartphone which is
gonna be awesome also if they kind of
make it like a bike race type of a
concept we'll be able to send say ghosts
or play our friends on Mario Kart via
Wi-Fi or 4G LTE so if Nintendo plays it
smart they may make a huge jump into the
app market and they will be the next
flappy bird game and we all know how
crazy flappy bird got so props to
Nintendo for making a jump into the app
market and hopefully they do it right
but I want to know what you guys think
would you like to play Mario against
your friends through 4G LTE leave a
comment down below that like button
explaining why you would like to or why
you wouldn't like to see it please
subscribe if you haven't already and hit
that thumbs up and I will see you in my
next video these guys